EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

SECTION 1: POSITION AND DUTIES
The Employee shall serve as Senior Software Engineer and shall perform duties
as assigned by the Company. The Employee agrees to devote full working time
and best efforts to the performance of duties for the Company.

SECTION 2: COMPENSATION
The Employee shall receive an annual base salary of PKR 3,600,000, payable
in monthly installments. The Employee shall be eligible for an annual
performance bonus of up to 20 percent of base salary, at the sole discretion
of the Company based on individual and company performance.

SECTION 3: PROBATION PERIOD
The first 90 days of employment shall constitute a probationary period.
During probation, either party may terminate employment with 7 days written
notice. Upon successful completion of probation, the standard termination
clause in Section 4 shall apply.

SECTION 4: TERMINATION CLAUSE
Either party may terminate this agreement with 30 days written notice.
In case of material breach by either party, the non-breaching party may
terminate immediately without notice period, provided written notification
of the breach is sent within 5 business days of discovery.
Upon termination, the Employee shall receive payment for all accrued but
unused leave, and any outstanding bonus payments approved prior to
termination date.

SECTION 5: NON-COMPETE
For a period of 12 months following termination, the Employee agrees not
to work for any direct competitor of the Company within Pakistan in a
role that would require use of confidential Company information.

SECTION 6: LEAVE ENTITLEMENT
The Employee is entitled to 20 days of annual paid leave, 10 days of sick
leave, and all public holidays as declared by the Government of Pakistan.
Unused annual leave up to 10 days may be carried forward to the next year.

SECTION 7: CONFIDENTIALITY
The Employee agrees to maintain strict confidentiality of all proprietary
business information, trade secrets, client data, and internal processes,
both during employment and for a period of 3 years following termination.